[ALMOND cawing]
[SERVANT A] Seems the crows
decided to come out and play.
[ALMOND]
Too close for comfort.
The mission was a success!
Apple pie, here I come!
[RUDOLF]
Where's Aileen?
[MAID A]
Still getting ready, sir.
[RUDOLF] I didn't raise my
daughter to be some vain
slowpoke.
[AILEEN]
I'm ready, Father.
Apologies for making you wait.
My, oh, my.
What a pleasant surprise.
You changed your look.
It's lovely.
Might this be a bit much?
The dress doesn't
outshine me now, does it?
Not at all, dear.
What's the matter?
Even at your debutante you
weren't so riddled with anxiety.
Well, I--
[AILEEN] "Please accept this
evening gown and accessories.
I hope they are to your liking.
Signed, Sincerely,
Claude Jeanne Elmir."
[gasps]
The grandeur of this dress
demanded updated hair, makeup,
and perfume!
[AILEEN gasps]
[AILEEN]
Least I made it this far.
You look beautiful, darling,
no need to be nervous.
[ONLOOKER A]
It's Lady Aileen!
[ONLOOKER B]
Stunning!
[ONLOOKER C]
I despise how good she looks.
[ONLOOKER D]
I expected no less from her!
[AILEEN] Lord Claude wouldn't've
just given me this dress
out of the blue.
He meant for me to wear
it to the ball, right?
Well, I wager Prince Cédric
will fall for you again
once he sees your new look.
Father! What a cruel joke!
A life with him would
be worse than death.
[RUDOLF]
That so?
I think it's a rather
viable possibility.
If he comes crawling back,
perhaps we could recoup
some of our financial losses.
Our finances should be
the least of your concerns.
[ONLOOKER A]
Look at you!
You've tried Oberon's
skin toner, too, no doubt!
[ONLOOKER B]
Indeed!
It's instantly become
my favorite,
as has the Oberon
Company for that matter!
The Oberon Company?
Peculiar, I've not
heard of such group.
It's the most recent endeavor
of someone you love dearly.
You know, someone who couldn't
put the d'Autriche name
on a cosmetics line.
[ONLOOKER C] Unfortunately,
my sample has nearly run dry.
[ONLOOKER D]
Sample?
I haven't received
anything from them at all.
[ONLOOKER C]
That makes sense.
Rumor has it they're only being
delivered to the chosen few.
[ONLOOKER D] Huh? Does
anyone know how to contact
the Oberon Company?
If you happen to be acquainted
with them, I'd like to chat!
[RUDOLF] They think their rivals
were deemed worthy of samples,
while they were not.
I would be frantic, too.
[AILEEN]
Absolutely.
It seems pitting the ladies
against each other
proved a successful tactic.
[RUDOLF] You've made
Oberon the talk of the ball.
I've employed the specialists
that Prince Cédric
so crassly fired.
Though we are still
finding our footing,
I anticipate our profits
will hugely surpass
any previous losses.
It will take a special man
to handle all that you are,
my dear.
I suppose we should
go socialize.
I look forward to seeing
what your new undertaking
shall achieve.
[AILEEN]
Father looks so happy.
A little too happy,
if you ask me.
The ladies just
can't get enough.
Tell the boys we'll need
plenty of product to peddle.
Luc and Quartz will be thrilled
that their handiwork is a hit.
And have we deduced the sender
of the threatening letters?
You were right.
Thanks to Almond we
can prove your hypothesis
about the stationery's origin.
I brought the evidence tonight.
Just signal and
I'll pass it your way.
I expected no less from you.
It's reassuring to have such
a dependable colleague.
[ISAAC] I wish we could end
there, but I bear bad news.
Lady Lilia has gone missing.
[AILEEN] That's exactly what
happens in the threatening
letters event.
Back in the original game,
I hire a gang of rogues
to kidnap her.
Prince Cédric believes
you're involved.
Naturally, he sent Marcus along
with the knights-in-training
into the demon lord's forest.
[gasps] No! Why?
Does he intend to
hurt Lord Claude?
Don't make a scene!
The demon lord won't
go down so easily.
And there's the
non-aggression pact.
I know.
[ISAAC] Lord Claude is
worried for you, too.
He sent me a note via Almond.
[CLAUDE] Until I arrive,
take care of Aileen.
[ISAAC] If you can't handle
this, who could?
The demon lord has
put his faith in you.
Please lay the groundwork
for Lord Claude's arrival.
You have business here,
don't dawdle about me.
For shame, friend.
If there wasn't
another after you,
I'd have taken you for myself.
I couldn't have you as
my husband, darling.
I need you too badly as an ally.
Sure. Whatever you say.
[AILEEN] If things keep going
like they do in the game,
I'll be the one who
orchestrated the kidnapping.
Oh, well.
I guess it's time
to turn some tables.
I might've lost the first round,
but I'll win the second!
If it isn't Aileen
Lauren d'Autriche.
Capture her!
Even on our day off from
repairs, I must patrol.
The work of a knight
is never truly over.
[LILIA]
Excuse me?
[CLAUDE]
So this is her.
The one for whom Cédric
cast aside Aileen.
Good day, Sir, my name
is Lilia Rainworth.
I know who you are,
but do you remember me?
How could you have possibly
managed to breach the barrier
without my noticing?
I'm afraid I didn't
see a barrier.
[CLAUDE] She has a strong
resistance to magic.
Might she be connected to
the Holy Sword Maiden?
No matter.
Now I must request
that you leave.
[LILIA]
Please, not quite yet!
I've been worried.
For a while now, I've been
beside myself over you.
The fate of demon kind
rests on your shoulders.
I can't even begin to fathom
how huge of a responsibility
that must be.
You're eternally busy
keeping them at bay.
I just can't help but
feel sad for you!
It's too much for
anyone, alone at least.
You pity me?
That's rather peculiar.
If I pitied someone, I wouldn't
invite imperial soldiers
to surround their home.
[LILIA]
That's a big misunderstanding!
Prince Cédric sent
those men to find me.
All of the threatening letters
that I've been receiving
have put him on edge.
You wrote those letters
yourself, did you not?
It isn't as bad as it sounds.
Sending those letters was
the only way I could stop
Lady Aileen.
Stop her?
[LILIA]
You must believe me.
Lady Aileen plans to hire
rogues to have me kidnapped!
I came here before she
could commit the crime.
[CLAUDE] To hide away in
the last place she'd expect?
Yes.
But it's also important
to me that you hear
and acknowledge that I'm
already familiar with her plans.
I had to tell you.
I hear you've become Lady
Aileen's closest confidant.
I should've been
straightforward and explained
everything from the start.
I apologize.
[CLAUDE] You speak with
alarming confidence.
I don't understand why
you're so certain Aileen
would hurt you.
You see, it's just Lady Aileen
remains desperately
in love with Prince Cédric.
It's only natural she hates me.
[thunder rumbles]
Besides all of that, something
else has been pulling me here.
I felt a staggering desire
to be near you again!
Uh, Claude?
[CLAUDE grunts]
[CLAUDE]
What is this?
Every crevice of my
skull has gone numb.
Human! What have you
done to our lord?
[BELZEBUTH grunts]
[LILIA gasps]
What's wrong?
[CLAUDE] The power of
the Holy Sword Maiden?
She's dangerous; step away!
Please! Listen!
I want to get along with you
more than anything else,
Lord Claude.
And what's more, I'm sure
that I can make your wish
come true!
You know, Aileen
is quite adorable.
[LILIA]
Huh?
It's a crime she was passed over
for a woman of your caliber.
It offends me to the soul that
the root of her great loss
is Cédric, your beloved.
I've lost interest in you.
Begone. I'm a busy man.
[LILIA]
Don't do this!
Wait! Don't send me away!
Believe me. Please!
I only want what's best for you!
[CLAUDE]
Bel, are you all right?
[BELZEBUTH]
Yes, my lord.
Then let us hurry, we're late.
What is the meaning
of this, Cédric?
You dare invite a guest only
to wrongly detain them?
You brazen shrew!
As you're aware,
my dear Lilia is missing!
There's no doubt
it's your doing!
It was you who sent
the threatening letters!
Now! Tell me where
you're hiding her!
[AILEEN] Neither Lilia's
whereabouts nor the letters
have a thing to do with me.
If you're so certain
I'm the culprit,
then where's your proof?
[CÉDRIC] Ha! Who else would
be vindictive enough
to do such a thing?
[AILEEN] You've caused all
this commotion without a lick
of evidence?
Ah! I'm often perplexed by how
I could've ever fallen in love
with a man such as yourself.
Don't utter these
remarks you don't mean!
You did this because
Lilia stands in the way
of our reunion!
Bleh! I'd rather be pitched to
the void than reunite with you.
Au contraire!
Did you think I would be quick
to forget your pitiful cries
of adoration?
Huh?
[AILEEN]
Prince Cédric.
I truly did adore you.
Was it your intention to
ignore my use of past tense?
I did adore you.
But no longer.
I have come to despise
the very thought of you.
My affections of old have
entirely ceased to linger.
In fact, give me the document
and I'll be more than happy
to expedite the nullification
of our engagement!
[ISAAC]
Too far, Aileen.
You're provoking him too much.
[CÉDRIC]
You say you despise me.
Is that so? Ha!
Tell the good people, Aileen!
That you'll never be
able to move on.
--[CROWD gasps]
--Obey me!
If you confess your love
and admit your vengeful plot,
perhaps I'll show you mercy!
Prince Cédric, please!
[SOLDIER B] You shouldn't
use such force on a lady!
Silence! She was my
woman to begin with!
[ISAAC sighs]
[door opens]
[MESSENGER A]
I'm sorry to interrupt,
but I bear an important
message for Prince Cédric.
It will have to wait!
I'm rather busy!
But Prince Claude.
He's-- he's here!
[CÉDRIC gasps]
[GUESTS gasp, chatter]
Could it be?
Brother?
It's repaired?
That must be the demon lord!
Did he just use magic?
I've never seen it before!
[CLAUDE] Cédric, were you
the fool who sent soldiers
to my forest?
Well, I, uh--
Your miniscule band couldn't
lay a finger on my castle.
I had them dealt with swiftly.
As crown prince, you shouldn't
act so thoughtlessly.
Don't provide me with a
reason to burn this country
to the ground.
I made you wait.
Apologies, madame.
Heavens, no.
I only arrived
a short while ago.
You wore the dress.
I knew it would
look nice on you.
What? Him?
Tell me that it isn't so.
[CLAUDE] Have you
signed the nullification?
Not yet, I'm afraid.
Finalize it as soon as possible.
I'd prefer not to escort my
younger brother's fiancée.
Wait, Aileen!
You swear it wasn't you?
You didn't steal my
Lilia away from me?
I felt as though I had
made that perfectly clear.
Uh...?
Who else would have
any reason to take her?
No matter how hard I try,
I can never beat my
big brother at anything.
That isn't true.
It is!
They all laugh about
it behind my back.
[AILEEN] I spent a lot of
my childhood suffering from
endless comparison
to my older brothers.
I wish I had told him I
was on his side back then.
Maybe things would
be different now.
Isaac.
This is one of the infamous
letters Lady Lilia received.
A generous friend of mine
was able to fish it out of
your rubbish.
What exactly is your point?
[AILEEN] The letters were
written on a special stationery
the Lombard Company makes.
The sheets are glued
together into 20-page pads.
After adhesion, the rose
design at the bottom
is cut out of all the
pages simultaneously.
Knowing this, let's say
we overlap two pages.
If they originate
from the same pad,
the roses will line up exactly.
If they're from different
pads, they will not.
In one hand, I have
the threatening letter;
in the other, a note that Lady
Lilia sent me along with
the invitation
to tonight's ball.
[CÉDRIC gasps]
The two letters come from
the same pad of stationery.
Put simply, the harrowing
letters that have caused
your beloved so much anguish
had to have been penned
by her own hand.
I suppose I should
leave this with you.
After all, it doesn't have the
slightest thing to do with me.
Prince Cédric,
I must bid you adieu.
I hope you and sweet Lilia
find much happiness.
Exquisite work.
[AILEEN] When I was a
little girl, you filled me with
the glimmer of confidence and
courage I had been waiting for
my whole life.
It pushed me to work hard.
Though I lost a lot
becoming who I am,
I like to think I
gained even more.
I might've been
Prince Cédric's fiancée,
but I never really felt
like I was his love.
Who knows.
Maybe I'll miss my
comrade-in-arms someday.
But not now.
Goodbye, Prince Cédric.
Well done.
And now that you are no
longer bound to another man,
will you grant me the
honor of your first dance
as your own woman?
Lady Aileen Lauren d'Autriche?
Funny. Hilarious, I say!
She chose him over me?
I can't believe you betrayed
me, you miserable girl.
Mark my words, you will
not get away with this!
[AILEEN]
Thank you for an amazing night.
I hear that the lost
lady has been found.
It's a shame Prince
Cédric couldn't announce
their engagement at
the ball, but at least his
soon-to-be bride
is safely at home.
You played a role in this, yes?
Pardon me?
[AILEEN] It was almost as if
Lady Lilia had been magically
transported to some
unknown forest.
She's quite a beautiful girl.
Wouldn't you agree?
[AILEEN]
Crap.
Well that's definitely not
what I wanted to say.
Right? She's the most
popular lady around.
They say her smile heals souls.
Her skin is just flawless, and
her hair is perfectly smooth.
[AILEEN] What am I doing?
I can't stop!
...known for her honesty.
[CLAUDE]
Aileen.
I don't see what
you're so afraid of.
[AILEEN]
Lilia is the heroine.
All she has to do is say
the phrase from the game
to trigger a route,
depending on what chooses.
[AILEEN]
Ouch!
It has a greater plasticity
than I anticipated.
[AILEEN grunts]
That's an odd way to comfort!
There's no need to worry
about me diverting my gaze.
You're pretty and she's
not my cup of tea.
Oh, that's nice to hear.
So what did you the two
of you talk about, anyway?
Nothing memorable.
If I recall, she mentioned
something about being able
to grant my wish.
What? How could she do that?
Your wish is for humans and
demons to live in harmony, yes?
You looked so happy
watching over your demons
working together
with Denis's crew.
I was going to say that my
wish is to see you cry, but...
[AILEEN] I've had a great
night; wish denied!
[CLAUDE]
I see.
How unfortunate.
Well, you must be exhausted.
You should rest.
[AILEEN]
Indeed. I will soon-- [gasps]
[CLAUDE] I said I'd be
the perfect escort,
and I am a man of my word.
[AILEEN]
Calm down, Aileen.
It's just a farewell kiss.
A perfectly common formality.
[CLAUDE]
I'll destroy them.
It's what their kind deserves!
There's not one--not one
measly human worth protecting!
I'll tear every
last human to shreds!
Have a good night,
and sweet dreams.
[AILEEN]
I hope you have the same.
It's all coming back.
I remember the reason why
he loses faith in humanity.
He's going to be betrayed--
by a human.
The only human he's
trusted since he was young.